Updated SearchIndicator raw response (#41035)
demisto/content: Packs/CommonScripts/ReleaseNotes/1_20_4.md

#### Scripts

##### SearchIndicator

> - Updated the raw response value in the **SearchIndicator** script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue in **SearchIndicator** automation, where the raw response value was not compatible with prevues versions.
```
